MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Paul Archer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMER FOR FINANCIAL SOFTWARE:

This software is provided for educational and research purposes only. The 
authors and contributors make no representations or warranties about the 
accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the financial models, 
calculations, or results provided by this software.

Users of this software acknowledge that:

1. Financial markets are inherently risky and unpredictable
2. Past performance does not guarantee future results
3. All financial models are approximations and may not reflect actual market conditions
4. The software should not be used as the sole basis for investment decisions
5. Users should conduct their own due diligence and consult with qualified financial professionals

The authors and contributors shall not be liable for any financial losses, 
damages, or consequences arising from the use of this software in actual 
trading or investment activities.

USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.